profile/README.md, before:

# 👋 Welcome, Bienvenida, 欢迎, Bienvenue, いらっしゃいませ, Receber, Добро пожаловать, 환영합니다, მოგესალმებით, مرحباً, Ласкаво просимо

![github-profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10350960/166113119-629295f6-c282-42c9-9379-af2de5ad4338.png)

MDN Web Docs is an open-source, collaborative project that documents web platform technologies, including CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and Web APIs. We also provide extensive 🧑‍🎓 learning resources for beginning developers and students.

### 🙌 MDN's mission

MDN's mission is to provide a blueprint for a better internet and empower a new generation of developers and content creators to build it.

The power of MDN Web Docs lies in its vast community of active readers and contributors. Since 2005, approximately 45,000 contributors have created the documentation we know and love. Together, contributors have created over 45,000 documents that make up an up-to-date, comprehensive, and free resource for web developers worldwide. In addition to English-language articles, over 35 volunteers lead translation and localization efforts for Chinese, French, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish.

### 🤝 Be part of MDN Web Docs
You can be part of MDN Web Docs, whether it be through ✍️ content contributions, ⚙️ engineering, or ↔️ translation work. The MDN Web Docs project welcomes contributions from everyone who shares our goals and wants to contribute constructively and respectfully within our community. 🧘‍♂️

### ✉️ Get in touch
You can communicate with the MDN Web Docs team and community through our [Matrix channel](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix), forums on [Discourse](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/mdn/236), and discussions on [GitHub](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions).

Commit message:

chore: add callout with link to code of conduct (#14)
* chore: add callout with link to code of conduct

Add a notice about out code of conduct to the intro section shown on https://github.com/mdn

* Update profile/README.md

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

Co-authored-by: Dipika Bhattacharya <dipika@foss-community.org>

profile/README.md, after:

# 👋 Welcome, Bienvenida, 欢迎, Bienvenue, いらっしゃいませ, Receber, Добро пожаловать, 환영합니다, მოგესალმებით, مرحباً, Ласкаво просимо

![github-profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10350960/166113119-629295f6-c282-42c9-9379-af2de5ad4338.png)

MDN Web Docs is an open-source, collaborative project that documents web platform technologies, including CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and Web APIs. We also provide extensive 🧑‍🎓 learning resources for beginning developers and students.


> **Note:** By participating in and contributing to our projects and discussions, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the [Mozilla community participation guidelines](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### 🙌 MDN's mission

MDN's mission is to provide a blueprint for a better internet and empower a new generation of developers and content creators to build it.

The power of MDN Web Docs lies in its vast community of active readers and contributors. Since 2005, approximately 45,000 contributors have created the documentation we know and love. Together, contributors have created over 45,000 documents that make up an up-to-date, comprehensive, and free resource for web developers worldwide. In addition to English-language articles, over 35 volunteers lead translation and localization efforts for Chinese, French, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish.

### 🤝 Be part of MDN Web Docs
You can be part of MDN Web Docs, whether it be through ✍️ content contributions, ⚙️ engineering, or ↔️ translation work. The MDN Web Docs project welcomes contributions from everyone who shares our goals and wants to contribute constructively and respectfully within our community. 🧘‍♂️

### ✉️ Get in touch
You can communicate with the MDN Web Docs team and community through our [Matrix channel](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix), forums on [Discourse](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/mdn/236), and discussions on [GitHub](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions).
